screen is visible to everybody So we'll start with the direct introduction of the pair metric. So parametric insurance generally we can say it's a modern concept slightly in a modern world of the insurance sector but if we go slightly further if we go slightly backward in the history so there is a product which is called indemnity based insurance which is generally also called a traditional products so this particular product is generally revolves around the loss reimbursement model the thing is we focus on particular loss of our individual so that we can compensate at a particular premium at a certain policy period and at certain conditions.

So this basically revolves around the traditional practices of the insurance. After that there is a concept called embedded insurance which generally comes into the picture which is basically involve a particular partner in the middle of the insurance policy so that we can get the maximum benefit so that we can get the maximum TAM which is Procurement Risk Market especially for the non-insurance sector through the tangible and the intangible products and what basically tangible means?

Tangible means basically the assets like your television, like your mobile phone so that you can go further to those particular individuals so that we can sell those particular policies. So the next thing is intangible products, intangible services, which generally comprises of travel insurance, generally revolves around this particular concept. And in embedded insurance, there is a concept called Nudge Theory, which is a slightly topic from the macro insurance, macro-micro insurance in the economics sector.

So they generally use a Nudge Theory, which generally states that if there is a customer who is not like willingly to go for a particular insurance, so a middle partner, which is let's say in your case, which is maybe Swiggy, correctly corrected on their behalf and if the customer is not looking for that particular facility they need to remove that particular option. So this particular concept which is generally used in the embedded insurance and after that there is a new concept which is parametric insurance which basically revolves around again on the event driven or the index based model which basically comprises with multiple threshold limits based on particular balance which you are looking for maybe for weather, maybe for fire or something else.

So parametric insurance generally revolves around the concept of event based category perils and it basically fulfills the disadvantages or the demerit forms which generally come from the traditional insurance which requires manual claims and adjudication process which is lengthy in nature, complex forms and documentation and on top of that involvement of customer and involvement of the customer Now discussions.

So for that particular thing parametric insurance completely go off fully automatic, no paperwork, no assessor, no approval and it also detects the system in the event which basically transferred directly money to their bank account. So payment is fixed, premium is fixed, what particular claim they are looking for at a particular time that is already fixed based on the parents or based on the thresholds which you put into your project.

So let's say for example in parametric insurance if you put three particular limits starting from we take an example of AQI so 400 AQI once it crossed that particular first limit 30% payout would be directly get into the bank. banks of the workers. After that second category, third category and fourth category. So these are categories which we generally look into parametric insurance and parametric insurance is considered as one of the best thing right now in the insurance sector.

So I'll explain deeply regarding the parametric in the next slides. Yeah. The first point is again underwriting who basically gets covered under the It's coming to the middle So how we can assess the risk of those workers? We can take Direct customers from the Zometro, Suvi Zepto, basically we generally call them as platform based workers. So we take those particular workers under the pool of the parametric insurance and we take those particular individuals and apply some types of warranties or conditions so that they cannot put some hazards, they may not check in the future.

So that's why we put, let's say, I also put an example here which is the second point, minimum seven active delivery days. parents which you have discovered earlier you can put any number which generally reasonable according to your theory and the second thing is city based pools everybody knows Delhi AQI pool is different category of pool Poolset compared to the Mumbai Rain Probe, both have the different parallels. AQI is a different category and the Rain Parallel is a different category. If you are combining both of them under a single portfolio, that would be slightly complicated.

If you separate both of them based on their thresholds, that would be much easier for you to underwrite every individual based on the category which they are amongst. Same thing, trigger design, what basically, basically how we can decide the particular category of the pressure. So as you can see, I may not remember whether you get the particular knowledge regarding the statistics or maybe some research models, but there is some tools which you can use to assess the trigger.

That is statistical simulation you can use, forecasting method which you can design to assess the triggers basically from the past, let's say, 5 to 10 years, maybe 15 years of data. If it is possible you can definitely go for some Oracle or maybe some third party data which is generally not available and if it is not available then you can hypothetically design that particular data for yourself. At least you will get some few more entries not maybe 10,000 or 1000 entries but at least some basic entries so that you can multiply those entries based on your hypothetical data structure.

This is how you can activate or this is how you can decide a particular category under the triggers which you are looking for. So there are some key pointers which I generally I used to tell it to all the non-insurance you can say teams or participants. If you're looking for an onboarding process under the IT category, I would generally like guide you or generally suggest you to go for a minimum steps especially under the category of parametric insurance yes we can add multiple steps five maybe 10 maybe 15 steps if it is a case of an end-to-end based insurance which generally involves involvement of insurance company through the underwriting and also the involvement of a customer from the claims perspective and from other perspectives but in the parametric insurance our main goal is to reduce the steps reduce the involvement of the customer so that we can reduce the fraud chances and every other model hazard which might be the case in the future.

So minimize your onboarding steps, maybe single entry or maybe double entry system which you can apply here. And second thing is in trigger design that you should not take an average of a particular city or maybe any particular regional zone. You should take a particular Board level data means basically a hypothetical data which I already said to you earlier. If it is case of a Delhi, if you are looking for last 10 years of data, so you should not take an average of yearly data. Either you can take an average of weekly data because your premium and everything is generally comprised regarding the weekly basis. So that would be much more useful for you.

But if it is possible for you to go for the individual dates, individual day basis, That would be more beneficial for you to design the trigger or maybe a threshold for your purchase. And the next thing is pricing in actual basis. So as we already mentioned in your browser that the pricing should be between the 20, 25, 30, max 40, 50 rupees per week per worker.

So that would be the target range. You should not take more than 100, 150.

That would be slightly on the higher side. So there's a formula mentioned here, which is a basic base model. It definitely changes based on the parents which you choose and based on the targets or the target audience you are looking for.

So trigger probability, the concept of probability of occurring a particular event that you should take into account.

Second thing, average income, which basically Underwriting process of the risk assessment process which you did earlier. So that particular thing you will get this number and the second is days exposed. How much basically amount you have to pay to the worker. So this is the basic particular you can say data for a certain type of parallel which you are generally covering in your project. So this is the base one, you can definitely modify it according to your projects.

And the second thing is you need to adjust based on your parallel type and the worker activity tier. If a worker is generally categorized into the hazardous regional or maybe hazardous cities which is not currently operating proficiently in a particular sector, let's say heat waves in the month of May or June in month of in month of May and June in Delhi or maybe a northern region that would be slightly considered in the tier 1 cities tier 1 hazardous situations so that you need to adjust so basically the concept the pricing which you need to taken to the account, that is.

Categorize as much as possible and if you are selecting a particular amount for your pricing, let's say 25 rupees, then you should back up with certain number of logical reasoning based on certain formulas which is not into the complex, not coming into the complexity or the some dynamic if you're looking for dynamic pricing then at least it has to be a basic one. A basic, simpler and easy to understandable and pricing it should be affordable and sustainable also and what basically I mean from the sustainability is If there is a pool of only 100 people, Tandu 2 is definitely sustainable based on the base category of your formula.

But if you will scale it into the, let's say, 10,000 or even 1 lakh of entry, that need to be, you can say, stable your pricing model.

So stability and therefore degree. For the degree as we already told you the range should be between 20, 25, 30.

50 is the maximum size. I expect that nobody comes to that at the point 50. and after that actuarial basics so whatever Pricing you will decide in your projects the basic burning cost rate basically burning cost rate that is the basic you can say formula in regarding the pricing model which is generally comprised of total number of claims so the total claim amount divided by total number of premium or the total amount of premium so let's say let's assume if you collected 100 rupees of premium in a week we'll say for a weekly basis so 100 rupees of premium and out of 100 you will pay 70 percent 70 rupees directly to the claims to the workers so it means you are losing 70 percent of your money into your cash flow so So that's your 70% loss ratio.

So higher the loss ratio, which means you are losing out of money from your pockets. And after that, you need to put certain conditions into your model. Let's say if your loss ratio exceeds 85%, maybe 90%, or maybe 100%, then you need to stop enrolment spatially from certain category or certain area of workers. That definitely depends on the parents which you choose or the type of worker you will choose.

Some stress scenarios. Stress scenarios, basically, you need to introduce what-if analysis. What-if, basically, Let's say there is a situation of a 14 day monsoon period and it simultaneously hit multiple cities. So how your model will respond to that particular situation? So you definitely take one stress situation or maybe multiple stress situations that will basically give you more primary points in your evaluation of your project.

So at least one stress scenario, at least one what-if analysis you can put into your actuarial basics and every number or every data which put into your project that has to be backed with some formula Not the complex one, but at least simple of the understanding for the insurance and the non-insurance price. After that, Aditya, will you take over?

Let me unmute this. Look. Aditya, you are good to go.

Aditya, are we audible to you? Sorry. We are able to hear you. I mean, some noise we are able to-We have good luck. Yeah. So I would be explaining the clean structure in parametric insurance. Prashant has already explained the technical part of, measured his technical part. I would be Here telling you that I mean how the clean structure was parametric insurance. So basically there are four different parts.

First of all trigger fires. So for example the meteorological department or the API detect something. and then the AQI levels are determined. So for example, these are all the technical stuff that-Thumbal, the first thing would be great. I'm just dumb. After the trigger has been fired, so for example, system finds all active work triggers in the trigger zone and then the policy is checked whether it's right or wrong.

Third BUDDIT, in case a fraud is determined or in case a fraud is verified. So, that would be done with the help of GPS cross-check data, how the platform login data is written. and without the work I was active enough. Lastly, the release of the payout. So in case all of these things are first verified and checked. Lastly, the period... to be released to the policyholders within a particular time span.

The SMS confirmation would be then sent. So in parametric insurance, there is no filing, no investigation and no approval as written. Basically the worker is not bound to do anything. Once we verify each and everything is sorted, we do play the game without any kind of verification and stuff. In traditional insurance, what happened was that the worker used to file a claim and had to wait for 15 to 30 days.

which again post approval the game may or may not be weird In parametric, what happens is if a trigger is-and I was saying if basically a trigger is-there the system is irrespective of any other thing that needs to be verified. The next thing would be settlement or the payout strategies and channels. So how the settlement of the claim would be done and what would be the channels. So the process has already been explained.

So first of all, the trigger would be confirmed. Whether the rigor has actually occurred or not. Second would be the eligibility check out debacle. So, whether it's under the active policy or not, and whether the particular geographicalZone is... covered under that particular no duplicate claim would be then taken into account The third would be the payout would be calculated based on the fixed amount per day, which would be the multiplied by the number of the number of days the trigger has been.

The thing that is that triggers the file has been triggered. But... The fourth would be the transaction. So basically the claim would be then transferred via financial terms like UPI, MBI, PCHS, whatever it is, or directly transferred, basically under a few minutes, as already told, minimal two hours. And then the record would be updated. So the policy centre logs the payout, that the payout has already been paid and the billing centre then reconciles the but you know The payout channels would be as already told, it may be RTGS, it may be IMPS, maybe you pay a transfer.

basic UPA transfers and stuff and any kind of simulation that may occur. The key points over here would be that there would be zero touch. For example, if a If the policy is triggered, it would be a direct way out then. The policy holder or the worker does not need to do anything. The second would be there would be a defined settlement time. It is minutes and not hours. So basically as soon as possible theThe claim could be paid as soon as possible to the worker.

I thought it would be the rollback logic. What if the transfer fails midway? So, words need to be given on that as well. and food would be the front check. So basically, if the policy is actually payable or not payable. Anything else from your side, Prashant, on these two slides?

There he is. So the thing is the process which we mentioned in the settlement or the claims process that is a generic one that is not our exact scenario or the exact process which we generally follow in the real world that is more backed by actual data or some pricing methods or the claims methods which we generally use in parametric. This is the basic of the generic one and it also depends on the parents of the projects basically you're looking for. So for the Zymato category that would be slightly different and for some freelancers coverage you're providing that would be slightly different. But this is the generic one which you can definitely use in every project.

There might be some additional steps which you might see maybe while doing a project but this is the basic which you can follow further into your phases for phase two and phase three.

And... Thank you. And the thing, We have a couple of questions which was lined up. Maybe I'll read out. and you both can help with answering them. Okay, I'm not going to read out all the questions. There are multiple things, but I will try to collate some and ask some generic ones. Okay. So, uh... In a real IRDAI environment, how are parametric trigger thresholds validated and approved for payout automation?

I would take the prasadYeah. Okay. So, IDI has a particular sandbox model. So, for example, when a parametric for actually judging a parametric insurance, first of all, the sandbox model isSandbox modelings taken up on a very small scale first of all and then it is just with that particular model could be implementable large scale or not. So for example, a trigger based on rainfall is first on a very small scale.

For example, a location which is Basically a square feed is, I mean, some amount of square. If it is first judged And then IIDI decides the agents of that particular model could be taken. In upon a large scale or not? So for example, people are taking up land triggers, I mean a policy basically to tackle landslides. That point of length or basically let's take something very simple But like rainfall.

So in places where people take up policies or government take initiatives related to policy, and gives them who live in Chiragunji that in case the local workers over there who work on a daily basis In case of rainfall above 20 mm or 30 mm or more, in that case the amount would be paid to all of the policyholders in that geographical area. So that is one thing No approval is first of all, all of the people who belong to that geographical location would be given that payout irrespective of any other notification or intimation.

In case the government tracks, the rainfall has been more than a particular threshold. The flame paid anyhow. So there are different kinds of triggers as such. Rainfall, be it temperature, be it heat, be it So any kind of triggers, be it wind, tornadoes, hurricanes, anything, all of these things would be judged by different criteria. IIDA would be just triggered. creating the environment. It would be given by the insurance companies.

IIDI has a regulated arrangement for parametric insurance as well. Claiming to be or not is totally dependent upon the insurance company specifically. I hope so that answers the question. Here.

So basically Very The predefined, very much defined events are getting triggered. by that validation which is already defined like these cannot be Oh, yeah. Thank you. Okay.

So in case that particular thing pay that.

Yeah. Okay. Got it. Thank you. The next question is how can we detect and prevent GPS spoofing in real time for parametric insurance system? So I would maybe-go ahead. Sorry, I didn't hear you. Excuse me.

Yeah, I mean, audible, right?

Yes, yes you are.

So, Prashant, are you there?

Oh yes, I'm hungry.

Yeah. If you can read this article,Sure.

So basically you're looking for fraud analytics or how you can basically identify the hazard or the moral hazard for the GPS spoofing. I guess there might be some certain options available to identify a particular location of a worker. Either you also have an option to put a certain limit or certain warranty or condition for a particular seven days period. So if there is a customer, if there is a worker who stays generally in Mumbai and operating in a Mumbai area for let's say on a historical basis for let's say for two or three straight up statements.

So in that case that would be you can say trend analysis forecasting type of thing. You can identify that this particular person might also generate revenue from the Otherwise, if there are certain options available to identify a particular location through GPS or maybe something else, maybe a certain tool which you can put into your project that would be slightly more beneficial for you to identify frauds and hazards into your project. um, in Chalmersburg.

Dipti, you want to add something here? Um, maybe a note.

We are good, but this GPS spoofing is something we have recently released as a market crash as well. And Virule What I understand is, given the techniques that the students have submitted, is also something related to publicly available solutions, to be honest. Those are something which is happening in real time as well. But there will be some records which is not public to everybody. It is a private data and when coming to private data that will not fall in the parametricOh, it's the, is the actual functionality, how the parametric insurance functions.

So if there is something which is publicly available to which you can avoid this spoofing, that is good. Mostly this spoofing will not fall in the parametric issue. That's what I wanted to add. you And yeah, going to the next question. Um... What if a worker What if a worker is in an affected zone but for now he has no working service on his device? How will ERCB help? Again, Only people with access to platform Better access to platform will only be benefited by This type of parametric insurance is my belief.

What is your thought? So the question is, what if a worker is in an affected zone, but for now he has no working service on his device?

Google Ear Chibi Health So one thing we can do The position would be under some policy. It would be under policy. It's not like we would be not having this device each and every day. We would be having some of the other day we can have this exception but on a particular day when we may not be having this. we can consider this as an excuse. As a specific excuse and he would be having him registered under a policy. That would be another way of verification.

So if he is covered in a particular policy, And maybe he, not be having this particular that this was on his device. Still, it's been a Thank you.

But, Just to add to the question, my curiosity, let's say that what people consider, like a lot of people have considered the pattern, the behavior of the worker, like their log in time, their log out time to understand the pattern and when there's an anomaly, they're using that for fraud detection, which makes sense. But in this case, this would come under anomaly, right? So is there any threshold that you recommend or shooting Like how do we like separate between anomaly that they are genuinely in a situation where they can't log in or log out.

And how would we tell whether it's general or not?

So one thing that we already discussed this previously was it could not be a individual list of customers. He may not be having services on his ticket. That may be a cumulative issue as well. So maybe two to three people. all together would not be having the services on the platform. That could be an issue. If that happens, not everyone would be doing a fraud rate. So in that case, we can settle on a mutual term that a particular payout need to be paid.

That could not be. One of the other things is support. Because it's insurance we have too. I mean, there would be... all of these things, there would be a few things. But we have to kind of manage those things. In this case, Not a single person but for example 10 persons covered under a policy and 3-4 of them are having an issue. So it can be considered yes.

So I think the outcome is like when you are deciding the behavioural pattern it should not be an individual's behavioural pattern but it should be a correlation of the region and the behavioural pattern of people surrounding that region.

one day Thank you. That particular concept we can also apply in the parametric insurance by putting some warranties and warranties comes from the different sets of fraud generally people follow. So if there is a non-working services or the non-working area, non-working category, so we can put 7 days limit, 10 days limit that you need to be have to at least 10 day working days in a particular month.

So that particular condition is which you can put in parametric insurance by non-working you So these vulnerabilities which we generally put are based on fraud analytics so that we can identify those niche category of hazards to identify this particular situation.

I think that's also a very good way to identify. This would be the last question that we would be taking. Um... So let's say if there are two people, one in Delhi and other in a rural area or an area with non-developed like situation, if there's a heavy rain, so let's say same amount of rain has been categorized in a rural area and an urban area, like do we give the same amount of claim to both the people?

So I think the question is coming from a Persona where in an urban area you have a road set up properly. Even though if it's raining then you can still work. It's not like it's completely you're not able to work but in rural area you might not have access to even like travel and stuff. So, I think in your presentation also you mentioned that we need to be very specific about areas, very shorter areas is what we need to consider. In this case, how would you recommend the payout should be?

Or it should be categorized in our policy itself with respect to different areas?

So I would take a different position. The thing is, there would be dogma-divided areas divided on the basis of tiers. So basically they would be tiered areas For example, tier 1, tier 2, tier 3 and tier 4 geographically. So tier 1 would be at the extreme I mean in all the metropolitan cities would be coming in and tier 4 would be all the highlighted areas. For example, places that are a bit elevated, that are very close to coastal areas, that are extremely prone to rainfall, dirt etc. So there would be different payout models for each and every area.

So for example, the question in here is if one person is in Delhi. So Delhi has a very nice drainage system, we know that. Even if there is a particular rainfall and for example happens in Delhi it won't be clocked right in case it is clocked we would be paying on it there would be defined Paying amount that would be defined by the company. But again, in that case, the clogged area would not stay for more than two to three hours.

So it would be possible for the worker to go and work in that case. In a rural area what happens is if there's a clog, it won't be It won't be a simple thing within the next maybe a day. So that particular day goes to waste for that particular vapour. In that case, you would be dividing these particular tiers. In tier 4, we have rural areas which are facing most of the like earthquake made, rainfall made, because So we would be dividing and know this particular radius, Delhi and this rural area won't be having the same layout model.

The criteria would be different, the payouts would be different. It may clash at a particular point of time but it would be different, yes.

Yeah, I think that really answered the question. Thank you. OK. Now let's go to the next segment, which is also the interesting and most Most wanted session from many of you. So now I will call Aniswara to share some details or her experience with the previous hackathon that she participated in. So she is part of the winning team last year, 2025, and she is working with us now. So Aniswara, over to you.

Hi everyone, I'm really excited to be here. And first of all, congratulations to all of you for selecting, getting into the phase two. So I'm Anishwara. So now I'm currently a B.Tech student from Amrita Vishwavidya Pradham Coimbatore. I'm also working as an intern here at Guidewire. I was also part of the team Cluster Busters that won last year's Dev Trades. This is exciting that I get to come here and share my DevTrails journey with all of you guys.

and First, when we heard about DevTrails was when Guidewire came to our college for a session. And when they introduced us with this 45-day long hackathon, for first we were like, we've only been used to one day or maximum three-day hackathon. So 45-day hackathon was very intriguing. And they told us, we'll also be working on Kubernetes and specifically an AI-driven solution for Kubernetes cluster management.

We, like us and our team members had no clue on Kubernetes or AAML, but we still decided to join and take a shot at it. We're like, it's 45 days, either way, we might not win, but we learn a lot. And in the end, we might have a cool solution for it. So, um... It is very easy to say 45 day hackathon, but I really see how much planning that goes behind this now that I'm here. I see how much effort it is there to make sure that all the teams are getting engaged. All the while, we had quizzes, that was not just quizzes, it was about all the technical subjects that we needed for the solution.

So Kubernetes quizzes. So weekly, it was like a check-in for us to make sure Are we learning something useful for our project or not? And I would say it was not easy in the starting. Finding a solution for something, we didn't even know what the problem was. It was a little hard in the start, but I'd say what really helped us would be, what really meant good was that we were consistent. Every day after college, we used to sit in library till it closes.

Even though nothing happens the day, we made sure we came the next day, even if no big progress happened the first day. So we went through documentation, watched YouTube videos and made plans with each other, talked to each other and tried to figure out a solution for all of it. And we also had a Discord channel with a lot of mentors where we could ask questions and we had... Whatever question it was, even if it was a simple question we could ask, they were always there to give us a solution for it.

They also put technical stack that we could use, how to figure out data set, all that was given to us. So that is what kept us going even though it was hard in the start. And mainly I can't talk about all this without talking about my team. It is really important to make sure that your team is planning, coordinating and have a rapport between each other because In the starting itself, we decided who is going to own this part, who is going to do what and we trusted each other to make sure that we went and learned whatever we did and came back and gave it to the group.

So we had this rapport and it is very really important and that chemistry between us and the support from the mentors is really what helped throughout. And After that, we also had weekly check-ins like posting memes in the Discord channel so that we were not bored and we had leaderboards and weekly quizzes had goodies which all was really motivating me in between when we were a little tired. In the end, we had two phases and after these two phases, the top five teams were selected and flown out to Bandroor.

In the first two days, we had office session. Each team was assigned a personal mentor who really went through the project and if we had any roadblock in between that or... Our presentation was really important so we had demos and we refined the presentation. My mentor was Jayashree, our team mentor was Jayashree that year. It is really scary to be presenting in front of 1500 people and that also our judges included.

We had the company leaders like CEO Mike, and Diago, CPO, and then we also had our VP Anoop. So getting that kind of an opportunity is really rare. And they were all so sweet. Every doubt that we had, every concern that we had were all solved then and there. And... And the audience also, it was not the usual kind of audience. It was actually working professionals who had come there for the Dev Summit. So being able to interact with them after the hackathon was also really helpful. This is our goal, right? Being a working professional like them is our goal. So being able to meet them, talk to them, all of that was really helpful. And I want to tell you guys that they are putting a lot of effort into making all these quizzes, CTLs and all.

one of these it all matters and on top of that try to add your own spice try to find something innovative and something that makes the project yours and real so uh i wish you all all the best and and for me devtales didn't end there so i got to sit for their interview and eventually become a part of guidewire family now which is really exciting and i'm a part of cc's apartment nowworking on kubernetes and infrastructure as a fourth year student and in internship it is really rare that we get to be part of all this kubernetes infrastructure it was there because i we worked on that project that's why i got this opportunity to work in this team specifically and as an intern here also we have monthly coffee chats to make sure our internship is going well and our team members actually really take effort into their working time to make sure we understand what exactly is happening in the team because we are really new corporate world.

And also talking to leaders and higher ups, they're all accessible. There is no closed cabin. The situation in Guideware, we can easily access them, talk to them, tell them our concerns, and we can see that they are trying to solve our concerns too. So for me, the competition of being able to work on Kubernetes and such kind of tech, and also being part of such a team and a work culture is really exciting and special.

And all I want to tell you is try to learn deeply, build something that you're really proud of and work as a strong, good team. And I'm excited to see at least some of you guys in Dev Summit this year. So all of us, guys. That's all from me.

Thank you, Anishwarya. You actually summarized how the whole your experience was. It was nice to hear from For us also to see you as a student coming and mentoring you and now you're working with us, it was really nice having you. And yeah, please add up your spices. We create on your gig shield app that you're creating. Right? Yeah, I think next session would be handled by Diti on the deliverables.

Okay, so there has been so many questions related to the deliverables and what is expected out of phase 2. Phase 2 is going to be the most rigorous phase to be honest, not 1, not 3, of course the 2 only because you are going to build a complete solution now and in 3 you are going to add some more additional requirements like as jstree and then as what i was saying you will be adding the spice right so that will be your third phase so what is expected out of phase two is executable source code or and the solution so what is expected out of it is the registration process insurance policy management dynamic premium calculation and claims management so these are the essential part this is like a life cycle of any students of any insurance functions on top of all these lives, I mean, on all these elements only.

So, combinedly, it is going to create a very worthy flow for this hackathon. So this is the entire cycle. And Additionally, like how are we going to submit it is something you all were asking, right? So it's the end-to-end implementation you will be doing. It's not a mock, nothing. So complete actual tech implementation. And when you are submitting it, it has to be something which should be accessible to us. For instance, you can provide it as a deployed application.

It can be hosted somewhere, anywhere, we can validate it. If you're not going to host or deploy it somewhere, but you have something running in your local, but what is the requirement that you need to provide us is so We need a readme document and all the dependencies and the environment setups, everything that we need to do to make your source code run locally. Okay? And we will bring it up locally and we will validate it.

So the third one is package solution. So you can provide it as a SDK also to us so that it will be easy for us to bring up your application and validate it so these are the maximum three possible ways how you can submit your solution in phase two but again if you are providing it as a local source code just make sure that it is something executable by somebody like third party okay because it might work in your local but it may not work in our system so the possibility for it to be that way is more to validate your So, school then of course it will lead to rejection only.

So just ensure and plan how you are going to submit your deliverables. Hope it is clear. Um... Yeah, Jyotsi, do you want to add more?

Yeah, I think in the phase one, we had a lot of solutions. We saw that many of the solutions were much similar. And we want something that stands out. I think today Prashant and the NIA team had really put in a lot of effort on telling the intricate detail about what makes your policy better, how claims can be better, and how zero touch can be achieved and stuff. We want something that you think differently, you try to cover multiple people, not just one first-tier city or second-tier city.

We want the diversity in the solution, so please make sure that you add in all the innovations that you think about or something that you can introduce to. And be creative on the application name also. I come up with a nice cool application name. Like we can get help from AI, but like it's not our complete driving party. So like let's, like you know pair with ai and make something like huge and achievable right so we are so excited to see all of your solutions and face to be innovative be creative try to understand different marks try to get the real marks data there are so many real marks data from government on um like how frequently landslides happen how frequently um not landslides sorry rainfall happens and like one of the major um Like, you know, responses that we saw was like in the policy, we might have to like explicitly mention there are a few categories that this policy does not like, you know, cover.

For example, war. and other like those kind of stuff. So please make sure that your policies include all of this intricate detail. Yeah, I think That's advice from our end. Like we are so happy and waiting to see all of your solutions. Now, Aditya, do you have anything else to add? I'm good here. Prashant, do you have any suggestions or something like cherry on top that you would want to give? to the students for that so that they're like you know when they have a better solution any advices Yeah, I guess I already mentioned almost everything from E-Generity stuff.

And if it is possible for the teams, you can definitely take a screenshot and maybe a browser would be definitely provided to you. So you can note down each and every key points which I mentioned earlier so that you can get a particular direction for your next project or the next phase. So nothing mentioned in the record. Excellent.

So we are good here. And let's-We are opening up the forum for question and answers. There are multiple questions, but I would highly encourage everybody to drop an email to us on service request or some questions which are related to service request here. Please drop an email. We are actively looking at the emails, but the constant question that I've been receiving so far from LinkedIn or in chat or in email is, service request long before invite wasn't addressed yet so we have shared an announcement saying after phase one validation we will be going on with addressing those service requests we have initiated it yesterday as we mentioned and we are going from first and first basis only so all your service requests will be addressed sooner and it will be handled no nothing to worry to be honest Secondly, many questions are related to technical aspects and how will we stand out from different teams, things like that.

So the idea is, I would say do not compare with other teams. See what you can do better. How you can improve yourself in which area? How can you make use of this insurance domain knowledge that you will be acquiring? How would you use it in your project? I would highly recommend thinking in that way rather than thinking on how would I stand out from others? Okay, because others are again thinking in a way you are thinking only, right?

So please do not compare yourself, just work for the the solution that you need to build and the impact that you're going to make so that's what makes the difference. Yeah.

I think I would just want to add on to it. I think as an evaluator, we are looking at what is going to be different from each team. That question, we can't directly answer what's going to make you stand out. That's what we are looking at from your end. Yeah, just I feel like today's session on the different detailing was really good. So please make sure to use the recording again, like come listen to it, try to understand the actual situation problem and how a real solution can be built around it.

So I feel like if you incorporate all of this and show a little bit of creativity from your end, I think you would be really standing out from all of those. And one more thing that we would want to convey here is like please provide a proper Readme, don't attach a PPT in your Readme or that. And if you're attaching also, please make it, public, not private. There were so many submissions where your drive links were private. We didn't get access.

Your GitHub repositories were private. We were not able to evaluate. And so many people got eliminated. And we also have exciting engagement events coming up. I think today we would have attended the quiz. And if you have not attended, the window is just till 9:00. So please go attend your quiz. We are also planning a capture the flag event that will be happening on the Friday, where we would be giving you a Google form where you can fill in the flags. And I think that would be exciting and a bit of a puzzle and riddle that we would want you to be engaged on. So please stay tuned for our CTF event also.

I would like to stress about this point especially again I'll redo it again so the service request even if you have submitted five days before we have started addressing it since yesterday only and to be honest we have attended too many requests yesterday and today also we are continuing to work on it so even though it was submitted five days or a week before it will be addressed and we have started addressing since yesterday only so kindly expect some delay that's what I would say and of course all your service requests will be addressed before phase two completion and I would highly recommend you to prioritize your service request just because there are four to five to six options not everything has to be raised just think you were provided with different not everything is consumable whichever works best for you whichever takes you forward just go ahead and raise such request and if raised of course that will be addressed by us within the phase two uh submission date so rest assured um just um be patient and wait for the response from our end okay and uh yes um i would also like to mention that why are we having these sessions you can ask a question to us there we have validated so many solutions and there's been a lot of confusions and the order of the implementation or the ideation the order in your ideations are a little different which we can consolidatedly help you with such sessions only and Aditya and Prashant, they have taken their time and they have helped to curate these sessions that we will be coming up with and even today's session.

So they have spent a lot of time and effort to curate this for you all and they are the insurance experts from NIA and even we are having some categories in service request which will also be addressed by them. But again, any questions related to... different scenarios, no? That is something which we can address in a 30 minutes call, but not individually we can address. Those are some scenarios that you need to think of and how would you address something you need to come up with. So that's the idea behind this entire hackathon. But the good part is there are very good number of scenarios that is being addressed by different teams.

But the question is, let's say I am in team A, the other one is in team B. Not all scenarios can be covered by everybody, right? So where you stand out is the work that you put behind through these sessions, what you do on your own, in your time. Those are the things that will make you stand out from other teams. So just put in your 100% and do the best in the hackathon. And special thanks to Prashant and Aditya.