the coverage for health, life, accident or vehicle repairs. Why we are strictly telling you guys because these kind of insurance are already existing And we don't want you guys to spend time on creating insurance for this health life or accident part. The second constraint is your financial model must be structured on a weekly pricing basis. The reason why we are highlighting weekly because these gig workers payment are usually triggered weekly basis.

And also to keep the use case complexity simple, we are requesting you guys to settle the claim weekly. So you guys make sureOkay. The pricing, what you guys are going to pay out should be a weekly model. Let me move to the next slide. So These are all indicative examples, not strictly that you guys should follow this. This is just for understanding what are the disruptions these guys are facing. First category is environmental.

may be extreme heat. We don't see this in Bangalore, but in most of the other states, These gig workers face extreme heat, heavy rain, flood can stop their whole day work, which will impact their salary, and also severe pollution may be the extreme pollution which we saw in Delhi, even if some gig workers might come out and do their work, but might sit at home and take care of their health, we need to consider them as well.

And the second part is, social unexpected events like unplanned curfews, local strikes, sudden market zone closures or the application downtime. So these are the two core disruptions area which we have identified. And, you know, we are giving you as an example, but these are indicative only. So you guys can do your research, come up with better disruption type. and make this use case more exciting or That's what makes you stand out out of so many teams.

The next slide. So what we are expecting technically from you guys, right? And even this is indicate you. We are not, you guys can go to any level. This is open ended for you guys. But These are the things we are expecting from you guys, the basic requirements which we are expecting. First one is AI powered risk assessment. That is when you guys calculate the premium, This is world of AI we are living in and we expect you guys to use some AI ML models for premium calculation and also how do you validate the risk?

Right? So there can be some fraud. people are very smart they can use this uh insurance for you know quick money so intelligently you guys need to detect this and provide the claim and also automatically pay out the claims for them, that is parametric automation, and also how you guys are going to integrate the APIs. Just integrating a weather API might not take you guys to the These are the technical requirements we are expecting from you guys.

And these are indicate you only don't stick to these points. You guys can definitely, you know, explore on your own. This tech stack is open ended. You guys can use any model. We are not going to go into detail. restricting you guys on that The next slide. is what we are expecting you guys to deliver. So we are expecting you guys to deliver a optimized onboarding for your delivery persona.

That is the user experience for them because these workers mostly work with their mobile. Maybe they are not hardcore techies.

So user experience should be simple. And also, very usable for them. They might be driving or riding their motorcycle whole day. Think about how they can use this application easily, make their life easy. It should not be very complicated. and also how you guys are profiling the risk using AI and ML. and how the policy is created. Now, when you guys dig deep into insurance, you guys will see policy, claim, billing, all these terminologies.

So we want you guys to understand that. And Claim triggering, that should be automatic weekly and payout should be very easy for them. we are not expecting you guys to do a market ready solution. You guys can definitely mock the payment processing, mock sum API. and show how the processing can be done. Also at the end, for the user, there should be a dashboard to see how much you know money it saved for him you know by taking this premium or if he didn't have this option of insurance at all how much he would have lost This is again, this is just my ideas.

You guys might think something else and come up with some better solution. Okay. Now this is how our six weeks journey is going to look like. The golden rule is stick to platform-based subcategories only. In gig workers, we have two categories. One is platform and one is non-platform.

So strictly focus on platform-based delivery gig partners.


And second one is only focus on loss of income. Don't focus on health. for accident or vehicle repairs and model should be weekly pricing. So we already spoke about this. and what we are going to do in phase one. So phase one, it's already started. And, you know, This phase is mostly on R&D for you guys. And what we are expecting on March 20th. the end of this phase is a readme document. It's just not a normal readme document.


It should have details of what persona you guys are choosing, why you guys chose that persona and how you guys are going to give solution for those particular gig workers and explain how weekly premium model works not just a high level uh you know a topic which you guys are going to give it should be detailed and how aiml is integrated in your workflow and outline your tech stack properly. So the more detailed tech stack you guys are going to implement or showcase in the readme document which you know makes us feel okay this team really spent time on rnd and this team can actually implement whatever they have written in the readme is going to move to the next round okay and anything else that you think it's relevant and innovative definitely you guys are free to add that in your Read me.

It should have details of what persona you guys are choosing, why you guys chose that persona and how you guys are going to give solution for those particular gig workers and explain how weekly premium model works not just a high level uh you know a topic which you guys are going to give it should be detailed and how aiml is integrated in your workflow and outline your tech stack properly. So the more detailed tech stack you guys are going to implement or showcase in the readme document which you know makes us feel okay this team really spent time on rnd and this team can actually implement whatever they have written in the readme is going to move to the next round okay and anything else that you think it's relevant and innovative definitely you guys are free to add that in your Read me.

